chore(docs): Update social media links in README.md (#117)
openfga/intellij-plugin: README.md

## License

> This project is licensed under the Apache-2.0 license. See the [LICENSE](https://github.com/openfga/vscode-ext/blob/main/LICENSE) file for more info.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project is licensed under the Apache-2.0 license. See the [LICENSE](https://github.com/openfga/intellij-plugin/blob/main/LICENSE) file for more info.
```
